Server Address: 3.135.81.131:2002
Node 32 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 32 curTime: 1712639468158
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 32 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 32 joined!
Node 8 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 8 curTime: 1712639539408
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 8 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 9 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 9 curTime: 1712639541009
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 9 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 30 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 30 curTime: 1712639541009
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 30 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 9 joined!
Node 30 joined!
Node 16 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 16 curTime: 1712639549013
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 16 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 25 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 25 curTime: 1712639551414
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 25 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 32 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 32 curTime: 1712639553815
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 32 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 25 joined!
Node 9 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 9 curTime: 1712639557017
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 9 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 18 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 18 curTime: 1712639557017
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 18 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 6 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 6 curTime: 1712639559418
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 6 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 30 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 30 curTime: 1712639565821
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 30 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 25 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 25 curTime: 1712639569822
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 25 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 16 joined!
Node 9 joined!
Node 6 joined!
Node 16 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 16 curTime: 1712639587428
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 16 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 6 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 6 curTime: 1712639613837
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 6 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 18 joined!
Node 30 joined!
Node 16 joined!
Node 8 joined!
Node 32 joined!
Node 25 joined!
Node 6 joined!
Node 6 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 6 curTime: 1712639666649
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 6 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 25 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 25 curTime: 1712639666649
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 25 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 6 joined!
Node 25 joined!
Node 8 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 8 curTime: 1712639693856
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 8 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 8 joined!
Node 16 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 16 curTime: 1712639897907
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 16 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 16 joined!
Node 30 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 30 curTime: 1712639912310
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 30 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 30 joined!
Node 16 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 16 curTime: 1712639918712
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 16 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 16 joined!
Node 7 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 7 curTime: 1712639933915
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 7 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 19 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 19 curTime: 1712639933916
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 19 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 6 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 6 curTime: 1712639934716
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 6 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 27 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 27 curTime: 1712639936317
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 27 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 14 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 14 curTime: 1712639977927
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 14 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 2 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 2 curTime: 1712639978728
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 2 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: replica Node 5 joined
Node 35 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 35 curTime: 1712639978731
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 35 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
MaintainReplicas: Transferring replica data from bucket 1 to node 5
MaintainReplicas: Bucket 1 has 984 keys
MaintainReplicas: Transferred 984 keys from bucket 1 to node 5
Node 18 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 18 curTime: 1712639980332
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 18 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 22 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 22 curTime: 1712640021941
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 22 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 4 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 4 curTime: 1712640022742
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 4 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: replica Node 8 joined
Node 28 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 28 curTime: 1712640022742
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 28 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
MaintainReplicas: Transferring replica data from bucket 1 to node 8
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
MaintainReplicas: Bucket 1 has 984 keys
MaintainReplicas: Transferred 984 keys from bucket 1 to node 8
Node 25 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 25 curTime: 1712640024343
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 25 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 20 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 20 curTime: 1712640065954
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 20 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 23 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 23 curTime: 1712640065954
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 23 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 13 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 13 curTime: 1712640066754
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 13 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 30 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 30 curTime: 1712640066755
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 30 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 34 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 34 curTime: 1712640109167
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 34 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 26 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 26 curTime: 1712640109967
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 26 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 15 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 15 curTime: 1712640110767
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 15 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 31 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 31 curTime: 1712640110768
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 31 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 26 joined!
Node 15 joined!
Node 14 joined!
Node 35 joined!
Node 22 joined!
Node 13 joined!
Node 2 joined!
TransferReplicaData: Transferring replica data from bucket 0 to node 2
TransferReplicaData: Transferring replica data from bucket 1 to node 2
TransferReplicaData: Transferring replica data from bucket 39 to node 2
Node 23 joined!
Node 34 joined!
Node 4 joined!
TransferReplicaData: Transferring replica data from bucket 1 to node 4
Node 28 joined!
Node 18 joined!
Node 31 joined!
Node 19 joined!
Node 30 joined!
Node 25 joined!
Node 27 joined!
Node 20 joined!
Node 6 joined!
Node 7 joined!
Node 5 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 5 curTime: 1712640631737
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 5 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 39 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 39 curTime: 1712640633338
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 39 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 24 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 24 curTime: 1712640634138
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 24 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 9 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 9 curTime: 1712640693351
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 9 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 11 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 11 curTime: 1712640694152
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 11 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 19 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 19 curTime: 1712640694952
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 19 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 26 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 26 curTime: 1712640754165
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 26 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 8 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 8 curTime: 1712640754965
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 8 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 36 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 36 curTime: 1712640755766
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 36 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 33 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 33 curTime: 1712640814980
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 33 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 27 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 27 curTime: 1712640815781
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 27 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 32 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 32 curTime: 1712640815781
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 32 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 5 joined!
Node 27 joined!
Node 39 joined!
TransferNodeData: Bucket IDs to transfer: 
Bucket ID: 39
Replica node not owned for node 39 , no need to transfer data
TransferNodeData: Bucket 39 has 1018 keys
TransferNodeData: Transferred 1018 keys from bucket 39 to node 39
Node 8 joined!
Node 26 joined!
Node 24 joined!
Node 36 joined!
TransferNodeData: Bucket IDs to transfer: 
Bucket ID: 36
TransferNodeData: Bucket 36 has 750 keys
TransferNodeData: Transferred 750 keys from bucket 36 to node 36
Node 11 joined!
Node 9 joined!
Node 32 joined!
Node 19 joined!
Node 33 joined!
Node 32 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 32 curTime: 1712641183863
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 32 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 34 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 34 curTime: 1712641184664
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 34 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 14 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 14 curTime: 1712641186264
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 14 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 14 joined!
Node 32 joined!
Node 34 joined!
Node 28 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 28 curTime: 1712641222270
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 28 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 39 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 39 curTime: 1712641222270
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 39 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 9 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 9 curTime: 1712641223071
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 9 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 39 joined!
Replica node not owned for node 39 , no need to transfer data
TransferNodeData: Bucket IDs to transfer: 
Bucket ID: 39
TransferNodeData: Bucket 39 has 134 keys
TransferNodeData: Transferred 134 keys from bucket 39 to node 39
Node 28 joined!
Node 9 joined!
Node 27 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 27 curTime: 1712641260679
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 27 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 22 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 22 curTime: 1712641262280
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 22 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 12 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 12 curTime: 1712641263080
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 12 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 22 joined!
Node 12 joined!
Node 27 joined!
Node 20 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 20 curTime: 1712641299086
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 20 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 29 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 29 curTime: 1712641299086
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 29 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node 18 is dead!!!
Maintaining Replicas for: Node 18 curTime: 1712641299887
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Node 18 left
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: printing owned nodes
updateReplicaStateNodeLeave: Owned Node: 1 Replica Length: 3
Node identifies itself as a joining node!
Node 29 joined!
Node 20 joined!
Node 18 joined!
